#### Event is missing indexed fields

Index event fields make the field more quickly accessible to off-chain tools that parse events. However, note that each index field costs extra gas during emission, so it's not necessarily best to index the maximum allowed per event (three fields). Each event should use three indexed fields if there are three or more fields, and gas usage is not particularly of concern for the events in question. If there are fewer than three fields, all of the fields should be indexed.

Instances number of this issue: 9
```solidity
// src/ArtGobblers.sol
232:    event GobblerPurchased(address indexed user, uint256 indexed gobblerId, uint256 price);
233:    event LegendaryGobblerMinted(address indexed user, uint256 indexed gobblerId, uint256[] burnedGobblerIds);
234:    event ReservedGobblersMinted(address indexed user, uint256 lastMintedGobblerId, uint256 numGobblersEach);
240:    event GobblersRevealed(address indexed user, uint256 numGobblers, uint256 lastRevealedId);

// src/Pages.sol
134:    event PagePurchased(address indexed user, uint256 indexed pageId, uint256 price);
136:    event CommunityPagesMinted(address indexed user, uint256 lastMintedPageId, uint256 numPages);

// src/utils/token/GobblersERC721.sol
17:     event ApprovalForAll(address indexed owner, address indexed operator, bool approved);

// src/utils/token/GobblersERC1155B.sol
29:     event ApprovalForAll(address indexed owner, address indexed operator, bool approved);

// src/utils/token/PagesERC721.sol
18:     event ApprovalForAll(address indexed owner, address indexed operator, bool approved);

``` 

#### avoid floating pragmas: the version should be locked

The pragma declared across the contracts is >=0.8.0. Locking the pragma (for e.g. by not using ^ in pragma solidity 0.8.0) ensures that contracts do not accidentally get deployed using an older compiler version with unfixed bugs. (see [here](https://swcregistry.io/docs/SWC-103))

Description: Contracts should be deployed with the same compiler version and flags that they have been tested with thoroughly. Locking the pragma helps to ensure that contracts do not accidentally get deployed using, for example, an outdated compiler version that might introduce bugs that affect the contract system negatively.

Recommendation: Consider locking the pragma version.


#### use a more recent version of solidity

Use a solidity version of at least 0.8.4 to get custom errors, which are cheaper at deployment than `revert()/require()` strings.

Use a solidity version of at least 0.8.10 to have external calls skip contract existence checks if the external call has a return value.

Description: Using very old versions of Solidity prevents benefits of bug fixes and newer security checks. Using the latest versions might make contracts susceptible to undiscovered compiler bugs.

Recommendation: Consider using the most recent version.